
>The opening is based on Ode to a Nightingale, by Keats. This set the context for
my poem, listening to bird's song in the evening as darkness falls.
> California is where I live. Napa Valley, California, is a 2 hour drive from here, great wines.

Cheers, to my bottle of vintage that has been
Aged with tastes of Flora and country green,
It's liquid sunshine from California, West,
Where the county's wines are fermented best
    On sandy hillsides with rows of grapevines,
    The fruits of red, white, and sparkling wines.

> "Tender is the night," I love this phrase. Keats uses it in his ode.
In Canada I listened to the robins. Here I also do, on midsummer eves.
Pixies replaced crickets to match context of Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream.
Robin Goodfellow was magical character of Shakespeare's Midsummer.

Enjoying a walk in the soft sky light,
With Robin-red-breast, tender is the night,
Listening to his haunting hypnotic song,
How wonderful in evening while he sings along,
    Harmonizing with pixies on a Midsummer's eve,
    Robin Goodfellow's magic up high in the trees.

> Opens with reference The Road Not Taken, by Robert Frost,
Two roads diverged in a yellow wood, ... And be one traveler, long I stood ...
I am an international traveler. Life changes made by my choices made.
Home is where the heart is.

Tonight it's his song that decides the path
Where two roads diverge, that oft-times hath,
Down foreign roads I have chosen to roam,
A drifting traveler searching for home,
    Who pines for love beyond tomorrow,
    Aware of lost time, full of sorrow.

> I was told Brother's Grimm stories as a child. Stories a person remembers.
Star Wars, in "a galaxy far, far away." Luke had troubles in his life by the
Dark Force. And had hid myself in a place only a future Jedi could find.
When life is too much, in your imagination, be with a distant friend.

With you I fade into the darkening dim,
Lost in the woods, I fear Brother's Grimm;
Let's fly to a galaxy far, far away, to forget:
Life's weariness, mistakes, and every dark threat.
    "When life is too much," the Jedi bird sings,
    "Come fly away with me, on imaginary wings."

> "Cheers," great word people pay attention to.
"For whom the bell tolls," by Ernest Hemingway.
"For whom the bells tolls; it tolls for thee," by John Donne.
The bell reminds me of my past friends and family, and for my mortality.
The Sound of Silence, by Simon and Garfunkle's. It was covered by Disturbed,
a Canadian band, a great version.
> "I stood tip-toe upon a little hill," ... near a "tumbling stream," by Keats
I drink to my friends, who I have thought of, while listening to the robin.

Cheers! I bellow boldly like a bell
Tolling me back to my soul's silent well,
Hearing the Sound of Silence as his song fades
Into the next valley, into the dark glades;
    I stand on a hill near a tumbling stream,
    I drink to my friend who I'll see in my dream.
